Chika Lawal is a Customer Success Manager based in Accra, GH (Europe/London). They combine
hands‑on expertise in Onboarding, Renewals, Expansion, Health Scores with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Expansion ARR +10%, churn down 38%; Rolled playbooks cutting
time‑to‑value to 13 days. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into
measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is analytical and systems‑oriented. Core values: velocity, craft, evidence.
They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to keep
momentum visible.

Education & credentials: PhD in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): ITIL, CPA,
Microsoft SC‑401. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional
open‑source patches.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, customer success manager
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Inclusive defaults
and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, customer success manager
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, customer success manager practice
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, execution, communication, and
continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, execution, communication, and
continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage.