Opeyemi Oyetunde — Investment Analyst | Johannesburg, ZA | Contract | Asia/Dubai

Professional Summary (to Partner / CIO): Experienced investment analyst delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for Partner /
CIO.

Core Skills: Deal Sourcing, Diligence, Market Maps, Memos

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 66% within 79 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 35% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 7% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.8M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Built TAM analysis informing $1.8M checks. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Sourced pipeline with hit rate +67%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Peer Review, Lean, SLOs, Critical Path, Incident Response, Design Reviews.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BA in a relevant field. Certifications: ITIL, PMP.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2018); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, investment analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs.

In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, investment analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, investment analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried
in large PRs. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice,
investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, investment
analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead
of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on
later. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We delete what
we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage.