Fatima Olujimi — Financial Analyst | Riyadh, SA | Contract | UTC

Professional Summary (to Finance Director / CFO): Experienced financial analyst delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for Finance Director / CFO.

Core Skills: Modeling, DCF, Cohort Analysis, Tableau/PowerBI

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 68% within 95 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 47% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 36% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $418,242 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Standardized board pack reducing prep time by 5%. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Built cohort model clarifying LTV/CAC; margin +75%. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Causal Inference, Risk Logs, JTBD, Critical Path, OKRs, Discovery.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BEng in a relevant field. Certifications: RN, PMP.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2017); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, financial
analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, financial analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, financial analyst
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, financial analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act
on. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. In
practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, financial analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, financial analyst
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I
prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, financial
analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.