Maryam Balogun — Curriculum Designer | Accra, GH | Full‑time | Europe/Berlin

Professional Summary (to Head of Academics): Experienced curriculum designer delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for Head of Academics.

Core Skills: Backward Design, Standards Mapping, Rubrics, LMS

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 21% within 118 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 42% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 43% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.9M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Deployed LMS content improving completion by 71%. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Aligned curriculum to standards; outcomes +48%. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Runbooks, Service Blueprints, OKRs, Root Cause Analysis, Discovery, JTBD.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with direct, transparent, data‑driven style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BEng in a relevant field. Certifications: PMP, Microsoft SC‑401, SHRM‑CP.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2020); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, curriculum designer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
In practice, curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, curriculum designer resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe.

In practice, curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, curriculum designer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs.

In practice, curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In
practice, curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, curriculum designer resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

In practice, curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. In practice,
curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, curriculum designer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. In practice, curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, curriculum designer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, curriculum designer
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
curriculum designer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, curriculum designer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs.