Emeka Obasi is a Business Analyst based in Cairo, EG (Africa/Lagos). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Process Mapping, Requirements, SQL, KPIs, Cost‑Benefit with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Defined KPIs that aligned ops with finance and tech; Mapped claims
workflow; reduced cycle time by 70%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs
into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is empathetic and coaching‑led. Core values: velocity, craft, evidence. They
maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to keep momentum
visible.

Education & credentials: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): CISSP, CPA,
Microsoft SC‑401. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional
open‑source patches.

In practice, business analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Security and privacy are embedded in
design, not bolted on later. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, business analyst practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, business analyst practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.