Rahma Ogunbiyi is a QA Engineer based in Casablanca, MA (Africa/Nairobi). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Test Strategy, Automation, Playwright, Cypress, API Testing, Load Testing with a
pragmatic, outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Reduced escaped defects by 10% via risk‑based testing; Set up
contract tests that stabilized integrations across services. They collaborate across functions
and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is analytical and systems‑oriented. Core values: evidence, craft, ownership.
They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to keep
momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): CISSP, Tableau
Desktop, CFA Level I. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional
open‑source patches.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, qa
engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Security and privacy are
embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, execution,
communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I prefer small,
observable increments over big‑bang releases. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, professional
profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.