Opeyemi Oyetunde is a Investment Analyst based in Johannesburg, ZA (Asia/Dubai). They combine
hands‑on expertise in Deal Sourcing, Diligence, Market Maps, Memos with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Built TAM analysis informing $1.8M checks; Sourced pipeline with hit
rate +67%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable
milestones.

Collaboration style is collaborative and facilitative. Core values: velocity, learning,
reliability. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): ITIL, PMP.
They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. In practice, investment analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I treat documentation as a product and keep
stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, investment analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, investment analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. In
practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, professional profiles
and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I translate complexity into
decisions that teams can act on. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs.