Emeka Obasi — Business Analyst | Cairo, EG | Full‑time | Africa/Lagos

Professional Summary (to Operations Director): Experienced business analyst delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for Operations Director.

Core Skills: Process Mapping, Requirements, SQL, KPIs, Cost‑Benefit

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 61% within 36 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 49% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 56% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.3M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Defined KPIs that aligned ops with finance and tech. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Mapped claims workflow; reduced cycle time by 70%. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Service Blueprints, Incident Response, Peer Review, SLOs, Design Reviews,
Critical Path.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with empathetic and coaching‑led style; prefers clear SLOs,
decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and concise
narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications: CISSP, CPA, Microsoft SC‑401.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2025); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, business analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried
in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, business analyst
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. In practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, business analyst
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. In practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, business analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. In
practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what
we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, business analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice,
business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, business analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. In practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. In practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. In practice,
business analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. In practice, business analyst resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, business analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe.