Maryam Balogun is a Curriculum Designer based in Accra, GH (Europe/Berlin). They combine
hands‑on expertise in Backward Design, Standards Mapping, Rubrics, LMS with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Deployed LMS content improving completion by 71%; Aligned curriculum
to standards; outcomes +48%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into
measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is direct, transparent, data‑driven. Core values: evidence, inclusion,
reliability. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BEng in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): PMP,
Microsoft SC‑401, SHRM‑CP. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and
occasional open‑source patches.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, curriculum designer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Security and
privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. In practice, curriculum designer practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, curriculum designer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, execution, communication,
and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, professional
profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I value
experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.