Chukwudi Olorunfemi — ML Engineer | Dubai, AE | Full‑time | Africa/Lagos

Professional Summary (to Director of ML / CTO): Experienced ml engineer delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for Director
of ML / CTO.

Core Skills: PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, Feature Stores, LLM Ops, Vector DBs

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 53% within 65 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 23% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 18% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $2.0M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Quantized transformer models to fit edge devices; latency ~248ms. Approach: defined
signals, ran small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with
mitigations, and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Productionized a RAG pipeline with guardrails; acceptance up 69%. Approach: defined
signals, ran small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with
mitigations, and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: SLOs, Service Blueprints, Risk Logs, Discovery, Incident Response, JTBD.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with analytical and systems‑oriented style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BA in a relevant field. Certifications: CPA, Microsoft SC‑401.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2016); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, ml engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, ml engineer resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, ml
engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability.

In practice, ml engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In
practice, ml engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

In practice, ml engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I prefer
small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. In practice, ml engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, ml engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

In practice, ml engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. In practice, ml engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, ml
engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, ml engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, ml engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with
crisp updates. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, ml engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.