Samuel Adekunbi is a Accountant based in Cairo, EG (Africa/Johannesburg). They combine hands‑on
expertise in GL, Financial Reporting, IFRS, Tax, Budgeting with a pragmatic, outcomes‑first
mindset.

Recent highlights include: Recovered $188,257 via control fixes; Cut month‑end close from 19
days to 6 days. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable
milestones.

Collaboration style is direct, transparent, data‑driven. Core values: reliability, ownership,
learning. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): LEED GA, CFA
Level I. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source
patches.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, accountant practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce
support burden for everyone. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
accountant practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. In practice, accountant practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I translate
complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.

In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace.