Samuel Adekunbi — Accountant | Cairo, EG | Full‑time | Africa/Johannesburg

Professional Summary (to CFO / Controller): Experienced accountant delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for CFO /
Controller.

Core Skills: GL, Financial Reporting, IFRS, Tax, Budgeting

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 9% within 49 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 14% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 30% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $886,212 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Recovered $188,257 via control fixes. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Cut month‑end close from 19 days to 6 days. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: OKRs, Incident Response, Runbooks, Critical Path, Design Reviews, Agile.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with direct, transparent, data‑driven style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BA in a relevant field. Certifications: LEED GA, CFA Level I.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2014); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on
later. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. In practice,
accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, accountant resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, accountant resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe.

In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. In practice,
accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In
practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, accountant resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, accountant
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, accountant
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. In
practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs.