Yinka Oshodi is a Civil Engineer based in Cairo, EG (Europe/London). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Structural, Geotech, Project Estimation, AutoCAD with a pragmatic, outcomes‑first
mindset.

Recent highlights include: Improved drainage reducing flood events in 2 sites; Delivered site
plan variance under 3%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into
measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is collaborative and facilitative. Core values: evidence, ownership,
reliability. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): RN, Tableau
Desktop. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source
patches.

In practice, civil engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Inclusive
defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, civil engineer practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. In practice, civil engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. In practice, civil engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations.