Chika Arinze is a Operations Manager based in San Francisco, USA (America/Toronto). They combine
hands‑on expertise in SOPs, KPIs, Lean, Vendor Mgmt, Forecasting with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Cut fulfillment time to 2 days; Reduced defects by 66% with SPC
dashboards. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable
milestones.

Collaboration style is collaborative and facilitative. Core values: learning, velocity,
ownership. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): PMP, AWS SAA.
They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
operations manager practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Security and
privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. In practice, operations manager practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden
for everyone. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.