Chika Arinze — Operations Manager | San Francisco, USA | Part‑time (20h/wk) | America/Toronto

Professional Summary (to COO): Experienced operations manager delivering measurable outcomes;
comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for COO.

Core Skills: SOPs, KPIs, Lean, Vendor Mgmt, Forecasting

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 72% within 101 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 73% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 12% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $927,284 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Cut fulfillment time to 2 days. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Reduced defects by 66% with SPC dashboards. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Root Cause Analysis, Service Blueprints, Design Reviews, Causal Inference,
Agile, Runbooks.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications: PMP, AWS SAA.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2019); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, operations manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden
for everyone. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice,
operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, operations manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice,
operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, operations manager resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, operations manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I prefer small, observable increments over
big‑bang releases. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice,
operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.