Damilola Olujimi — Accountant | Lagos, NG | Part‑time (20h/wk) | America/Toronto

Professional Summary (to CFO / Controller): Experienced accountant delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for CFO /
Controller.

Core Skills: GL, Financial Reporting, IFRS, Tax, Budgeting

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 26% within 74 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 66% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 66% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $952,318 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Cut month‑end close from 16 days to 7 days. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Recovered $458,848 via control fixes. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Design Reviews, Discovery, Critical Path, Agile, Risk Logs, SLOs.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: MBA in a relevant field. Certifications: —.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2025); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, accountant resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, accountant
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice,
accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, accountant resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. In practice,
accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, accountant resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, accountant
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang
releases. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead
of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In
practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, accountant resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice,
accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Security and privacy are embedded in design,
not bolted on later. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. In practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In
practice, accountant resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on
later. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, accountant resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried
in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.