Sola Abiola is a Content Strategist based in Berlin, DE (Europe/London). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Narrative, Editorial Calendars, Distribution, Analytics with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Increased organic traffic by 41%; Built SME pipeline that doubled
publish cadence. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable
milestones.

Collaboration style is analytical and systems‑oriented. Core values: reliability, evidence,
learning. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: MBA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): —. They
contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, content strategist practice starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Inclusive defaults and
accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. In practice, content strategist practice
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, execution, communication, and
continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with
crisp updates. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage.