Sola Abiola — Content Strategist | Berlin, DE | Contract | Europe/London

Professional Summary (to CMO / Editor‑in‑Chief): Experienced content strategist delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for CMO / Editor‑in‑Chief.

Core Skills: Narrative, Editorial Calendars, Distribution, Analytics

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 58% within 99 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 15% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 46% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $626,817 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Increased organic traffic by 41%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Built SME pipeline that doubled publish cadence. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Design Reviews, Discovery, Incident Response, OKRs, Risk Logs, Peer Review.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with analytical and systems‑oriented style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: MBA in a relevant field. Certifications: —.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2023); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, content strategist resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I
treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, content strategist resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, content strategist
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, content
strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. In practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
In practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, content
strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, content strategist
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. In practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. In practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, content strategist resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for
everyone. In practice, content strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, content
strategist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.