Chika Lawal — Customer Success Manager | Accra, GH | Full‑time | Europe/London

Professional Summary (to VP Customer Success): Experienced customer success manager delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for VP Customer Success.

Core Skills: Onboarding, Renewals, Expansion, Health Scores

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 30% within 68 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 22% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 50% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.5M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Expansion ARR +10%, churn down 38%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Rolled playbooks cutting time‑to‑value to 13 days. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Critical Path, Design Reviews, SLOs, Incident Response, OKRs, Peer Review.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with analytical and systems‑oriented style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: PhD in a relevant field. Certifications: ITIL, CPA, Microsoft SC‑401.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2021); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, customer
success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, customer success manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. In practice, customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice,
customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In
practice, customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

In practice, customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on
later. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In
practice, customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, customer success
manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, customer
success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden
for everyone. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang
releases. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, customer success manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe.

In practice, customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I treat
documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. In practice,
customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

In practice, customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, customer success manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, customer success manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, customer success manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs.