Yinka Oshodi — Civil Engineer | Cairo, EG | Full‑time | Europe/London

Professional Summary (to EPC Project Lead): Experienced civil engineer delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for EPC
Project Lead.

Core Skills: Structural, Geotech, Project Estimation, AutoCAD

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 64% within 44 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 74% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 9% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $162,749 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Improved drainage reducing flood events in 2 sites. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Delivered site plan variance under 3%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: JTBD, Discovery, Risk Logs, Runbooks, Root Cause Analysis, Lean.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications: RN, Tableau Desktop.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2014); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, civil
engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, civil engineer
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, civil engineer
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, civil engineer
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In
practice, civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, civil engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. In practice, civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

In practice, civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In
practice, civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. In practice, civil engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, civil engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang
releases. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, civil
engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, civil engineer resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.