Chimamanda Okonjo — Compliance Officer | Cape Town, ZA | Part‑time (20h/wk) | Africa/Lagos

Professional Summary (to Chief Compliance Officer): Experienced compliance officer delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for Chief Compliance Officer.

Core Skills: KYC/AML, Policy, Audit, Training, RegTech

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 75% within 120 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 71% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 47% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.7M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Automated KYC refresh; cycle time now 8 days. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Reduced SAR backlogs by 61%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes, measured
deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results were tied to
user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: OKRs, Risk Logs, Design Reviews, Service Blueprints, Root Cause Analysis,
JTBD.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: MSc in a relevant field. Certifications: ISTQB, CFA Level I, Tableau Desktop.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2025); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
compliance officer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In
practice, compliance officer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, compliance officer resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act
on. In practice, compliance officer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
compliance officer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, compliance officer
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. In practice, compliance officer resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, compliance officer resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.