Gbenga Okafor — Operations Manager | Kano, NG | Part‑time (20h/wk) | Africa/Addis_Ababa

Professional Summary (to COO): Experienced operations manager delivering measurable outcomes;
comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for COO.

Core Skills: SOPs, KPIs, Lean, Vendor Mgmt, Forecasting

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 43% within 117 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 19% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 8% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.8M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Cut fulfillment time to 4 days. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Reduced defects by 61% with SPC dashboards. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Incident Response, OKRs, Agile, Runbooks, Peer Review, Causal Inference.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: MSc in a relevant field. Certifications: CISSP, ITIL.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2018); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I
value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, operations manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, operations manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, operations manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, operations manager
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I
value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, operations
manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, operations manager resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. In practice, operations manager resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.