Chimamanda Ogunbiyi is a Financial Analyst based in Cape Town, ZA (Europe/Berlin). They combine
hands‑on expertise in Modeling, DCF, Cohort Analysis, Tableau/PowerBI with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Standardized board pack reducing prep time by 64%; Built cohort model
clarifying LTV/CAC; margin +44%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs
into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is direct, transparent, data‑driven. Core values: inclusion, velocity,
evidence. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): AWS SAA,
Microsoft SC‑401, LEED GA. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and
occasional open‑source patches.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
financial analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Security and
privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, financial analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang
releases. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.