Sola Oshodi is a Investment Analyst based in Nairobi, KE (America/Toronto). They combine
hands‑on expertise in Deal Sourcing, Diligence, Market Maps, Memos with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Built TAM analysis informing $407,383 checks; Sourced pipeline with
hit rate +54%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable
milestones.

Collaboration style is analytical and systems‑oriented. Core values: velocity, ownership,
evidence. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BEng in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): AWS SAA,
PMP, RN. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source
patches.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In practice,
investment analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice,
investment analyst practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I value
experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, professional
profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs.