Seun Abiola is a Teacher based in Austin, USA (Africa/Nairobi). They combine hands‑on expertise
in Curriculum, Assessment, Classroom Mgmt, Student Support with a pragmatic, outcomes‑first
mindset.

Recent highlights include: Lifted pass rates by 43%; Introduced flipped classroom reducing
disengagement. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable
milestones.

Collaboration style is direct, transparent, data‑driven. Core values: evidence, ownership,
learning. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): —. They
contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang
releases. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, teacher
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
teacher practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, teacher practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with
crisp updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice,
professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.