Gbenga Okafor is a Operations Manager based in Kano, NG (Africa/Addis_Ababa). They combine
hands‑on expertise in SOPs, KPIs, Lean, Vendor Mgmt, Forecasting with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Cut fulfillment time to 4 days; Reduced defects by 61% with SPC
dashboards. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable
milestones.

Collaboration style is collaborative and facilitative. Core values: velocity, reliability,
learning. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: MSc in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): CISSP, ITIL.
They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

In practice, operations manager practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I treat documentation as a product
and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. In practice, operations manager practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, operations manager practice starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
In practice, operations manager practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, execution,
communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In practice, execution,
communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. In practice,
professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.