Taiwo Okafor is a Data Scientist based in Dublin, IE (Asia/Dubai). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Pandas, scikit‑learn, XGBoost, Experimentation, Causal Inference, SQL with a
pragmatic, outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Created causal dashboards reducing false positives in A/B reads;
Built uplift models to optimize campaigns, cutting CPA by 46%. They collaborate across functions
and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is empathetic and coaching‑led. Core values: evidence, inclusion, craft.
They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to keep
momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BEng in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): LEED GA,
CPA. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source
patches.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act
on. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, data scientist practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, data scientist practice starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In
practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.