Boma Eze is a NGO Program Lead based in Accra, GH (Africa/Johannesburg). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Grant Mgmt, M&E, Community Engagement, Safeguarding with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Reached 12551 beneficiaries with measurable outcomes; Established
MEAL framework adopted across 4 programs. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous
briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is collaborative and facilitative. Core values: velocity, reliability,
inclusion. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: PhD in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): CFA Level I.
They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, ngo
program lead practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Inclusive defaults and
accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. In practice, ngo program lead practice starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. In practice, ngo program lead practice starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. In practice, ngo program lead practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe.

In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.