Ireti Ogunbowale is a QA Engineer based in Lagos, NG (America/Chicago). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Test Strategy, Automation, Playwright, Cypress, API Testing, Load Testing with a
pragmatic, outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Reduced escaped defects by 22% via risk‑based testing; Set up
contract tests that stabilized integrations across services. They collaborate across functions
and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is analytical and systems‑oriented. Core values: velocity, inclusion,
evidence. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: PhD in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): RN. They
contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, qa engineer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Security and
privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. In practice, qa engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, execution, communication,
and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Security and
privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I translate
complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.