Sola Oshodi — Investment Analyst | Nairobi, KE | Part‑time (20h/wk) | America/Toronto

Professional Summary (to Partner / CIO): Experienced investment analyst delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for Partner /
CIO.

Core Skills: Deal Sourcing, Diligence, Market Maps, Memos

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 11% within 113 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 39% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 7% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $804,908 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Built TAM analysis informing $407,383 checks. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Sourced pipeline with hit rate +54%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes,
measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results
were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Lean, Design Reviews, Causal Inference, Discovery, Risk Logs, Root Cause
Analysis.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with analytical and systems‑oriented style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BEng in a relevant field. Certifications: AWS SAA, PMP, RN.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2015); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act
on. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, investment analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I
value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with
crisp updates. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, investment analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, investment analyst
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. In practice, investment analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace.