Temi Adeyemi is a Mechanical Engineer based in Dar es Salaam, TZ (Europe/Berlin). They combine
hands‑on expertise in CAD, FEA, Thermodynamics, DFM/DFA with a pragmatic, outcomes‑first
mindset.

Recent highlights include: Reduced weight by 5% while meeting safety factors; Cut tooling cost
by 30% with design for manufacturability. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous
briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is collaborative and facilitative. Core values: ownership, learning,
inclusion. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): SHRM‑CP,
CISSP, Microsoft SC‑401. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and
occasional open‑source patches.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
mechanical engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Security and
privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. In practice, mechanical engineer practice
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, mechanical engineer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, mechanical engineer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, mechanical
engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, professional
profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I treat
documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.