Chimamanda Ogunbiyi — Financial Analyst | Cape Town, ZA | Contract | Europe/Berlin

Professional Summary (to Finance Director / CFO): Experienced financial analyst delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for Finance Director / CFO.

Core Skills: Modeling, DCF, Cohort Analysis, Tableau/PowerBI

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 57% within 56 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 43% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 52% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.7M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Standardized board pack reducing prep time by 64%. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Built cohort model clarifying LTV/CAC; margin +44%. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Runbooks, Agile, Lean, Risk Logs, Causal Inference, Service Blueprints.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with direct, transparent, data‑driven style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BA in a relevant field. Certifications: AWS SAA, Microsoft SC‑401, LEED GA.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2014); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, financial analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, financial analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In
practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, financial
analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe.

In practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, financial analyst resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In
practice, financial analyst resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, financial analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, financial analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, financial analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, financial analyst resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace.