Temi Adeyemi — Mechanical Engineer | Dar es Salaam, TZ | Full‑time | Europe/Berlin

Professional Summary (to Engineering Director): Experienced mechanical engineer delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for Engineering Director.

Core Skills: CAD, FEA, Thermodynamics, DFM/DFA

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 50% within 64 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 48% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 17% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $579,495 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Reduced weight by 5% while meeting safety factors. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Cut tooling cost by 30% with design for manufacturability. Approach: defined
signals, ran small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with
mitigations, and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Risk Logs, Lean, SLOs, Runbooks, A/B Testing, Discovery.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with collaborative and facilitative style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BA in a relevant field. Certifications: SHRM‑CP, CISSP, Microsoft SC‑401.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2024); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, mechanical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, mechanical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We delete what
we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I
translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang
releases. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, mechanical
engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead
of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
In practice, mechanical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, mechanical engineer resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried
in large PRs.