Seun Abiola — Teacher | Austin, USA | Contract | Africa/Nairobi

Professional Summary (to School Administrator): Experienced teacher delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for School
Administrator.

Core Skills: Curriculum, Assessment, Classroom Mgmt, Student Support

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 32% within 88 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 10% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 10% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.1M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Lifted pass rates by 43%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes, measured
deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results were tied to
user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Introduced flipped classroom reducing disengagement. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Lean, Runbooks, Causal Inference, Discovery, Peer Review, Design Reviews.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with direct, transparent, data‑driven style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications: —.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2016); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, teacher resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, teacher resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, teacher resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, teacher resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I value experiments
over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, teacher resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, teacher resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, teacher resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, teacher resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, teacher resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, teacher resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I prefer
small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, teacher resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.