Yinka Ogunlana is a NGO Program Lead based in Addis Ababa, ET (UTC). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Grant Mgmt, M&E, Community Engagement, Safeguarding with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Established MEAL framework adopted across 6 programs; Reached 33612
beneficiaries with measurable outcomes. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous
briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is direct, transparent, data‑driven. Core values: velocity, ownership,
craft. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): ITIL. They
contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on
later. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, ngo program lead practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, ngo program lead
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs.

In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Security
and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, execution, communication, and
continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest
and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I treat documentation as a product and
keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability.