Uduak Ekwueme is a ML Engineer based in Berlin, DE (America/Toronto). They combine hands‑on
expertise in PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, Feature Stores, LLM Ops, Vector DBs with a pragmatic,
outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Quantized transformer models to fit edge devices; latency ~56ms;
Productionized a RAG pipeline with guardrails; acceptance up 74%. They collaborate across
functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is empathetic and coaching‑led. Core values: reliability, evidence,
velocity. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): CFA Level I,
Microsoft SC‑401. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional
open‑source patches.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. In practice, ml engineer practice starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I treat documentation as a product and
keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, ml engineer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, execution, communication, and
continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will
observe. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, execution,
communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I prefer small,
observable increments over big‑bang releases. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.