Chimamanda Okonjo is a Compliance Officer based in Cape Town, ZA (Africa/Lagos). They combine
hands‑on expertise in KYC/AML, Policy, Audit, Training, RegTech with a pragmatic, outcomes‑first
mindset.

Recent highlights include: Automated KYC refresh; cycle time now 8 days; Reduced SAR backlogs by
61%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is collaborative and facilitative. Core values: ownership, learning,
reliability. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: MSc in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): ISTQB, CFA
Level I, Tableau Desktop. They contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and
occasional open‑source patches.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, compliance officer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I value experiments over debates;
prototypes settle arguments. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
compliance officer practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, compliance officer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In practice, execution,
communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, professional profiles and
collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I
prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In practice, professional profiles
and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.