Taiwo Okafor — Data Scientist | Dublin, IE | Full‑time | Asia/Dubai

Professional Summary (to Head of Data): Experienced data scientist delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for Head of
Data.

Core Skills: Pandas, scikit‑learn, XGBoost, Experimentation, Causal Inference, SQL

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 60% within 36 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 63% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 14% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $515,570 while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Created causal dashboards reducing false positives in A/B reads. Approach: defined
signals, ran small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with
mitigations, and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Built uplift models to optimize campaigns, cutting CPA by 46%. Approach: defined
signals, ran small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with
mitigations, and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: SLOs, Service Blueprints, Critical Path, Incident Response, Lean, Peer
Review.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with empathetic and coaching‑led style; prefers clear SLOs,
decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and concise
narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BEng in a relevant field. Certifications: LEED GA, CPA.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2017); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on
later. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, data scientist resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, data scientist resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, data scientist resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for
everyone. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, data
scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden
for everyone. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In
practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep
error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, data scientist resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In
practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs.