Oghenekaro Olujimi — Data Scientist | Dublin, IE | Full‑time | Asia/Dubai

Professional Summary (to Head of Data): Experienced data scientist delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for Head of
Data.

Core Skills: Pandas, scikit‑learn, XGBoost, Experimentation, Causal Inference, SQL

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 15% within 53 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 12% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 36% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.6M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Built uplift models to optimize campaigns, cutting CPA by 7%. Approach: defined
signals, ran small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with
mitigations, and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Created causal dashboards reducing false positives in A/B reads. Approach: defined
signals, ran small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with
mitigations, and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: Risk Logs, Service Blueprints, A/B Testing, Lean, Incident Response,
Runbooks.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with analytical and systems‑oriented style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: MBA in a relevant field. Certifications: PMP.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2014); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for
everyone. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, data scientist
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. In practice, data
scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, data
scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I prefer small,
observable increments over big‑bang releases. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and
clear accountability. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. In practice,
data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In
practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of
being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, data scientist resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I
translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, data
scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, data
scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. In practice, data scientist resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.