Chika Okonjo — Electrical Engineer | Dublin, IE | Full‑time | Europe/London

Professional Summary (to Hardware Director): Experienced electrical engineer delivering
measurable outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution
for Hardware Director.

Core Skills: Power Systems, Control, Embedded, PCB

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 68% within 81 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 58% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 53% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.1M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Designed controller with loop response of 24ms. Approach: defined signals, ran small
probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and
results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Reduced line losses by 19%. Approach: defined signals, ran small probes, measured
deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations, and results were tied to
user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: OKRs, Design Reviews, Discovery, Lean, Risk Logs, Causal Inference.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with analytical and systems‑oriented style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BA in a relevant field. Certifications: ITIL.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2022); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders
aligned with crisp updates. In practice, electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In
practice, electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. Security and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. In practice, electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, electrical
engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints,
and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead
of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, electrical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. In
practice, electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through
probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large
PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. In practice, electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific
narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I
value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
In practice, electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice,
electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I treat
documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp updates. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice,
electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In
practice, electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, electrical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice,
electrical engineer resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, electrical engineer resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.