Chika Okonjo is a Electrical Engineer based in Dublin, IE (Europe/London). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Power Systems, Control, Embedded, PCB with a pragmatic, outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Designed controller with loop response of 24ms; Reduced line losses
by 19%. They collaborate across functions and turn ambiguous briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is analytical and systems‑oriented. Core values: ownership, inclusion,
learning. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short demos—to
keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: BA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): ITIL. They
contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no
longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, electrical engineer
practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I value
experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. In practice, electrical engineer practice starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, electrical engineer practice starts
with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and
dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are
surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice,
execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I treat documentation as a product and keep stakeholders aligned with crisp
updates. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, execution,
communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

In practice, professional profiles and collaboration starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Security
and privacy are embedded in design, not bolted on later. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace.