Yinka Ogunlana — NGO Program Lead | Addis Ababa, ET | Full‑time | UTC

Professional Summary (to Donor Review Board): Experienced ngo program lead delivering measurable
outcomes; comfortable operating with ambiguity and turning strategy into execution for Donor
Review Board.

Core Skills: Grant Mgmt, M&E, Community Engagement, Safeguarding

Selected Achievements: - Delivered initiative that improved key KPI by 6% within 88 days. -
Reduced cost or waste by 11% via process redesign and better instrumentation. - Cut
time‑to‑value for users by 50% using simpler defaults and progressive disclosure. - Managed
budgets totaling $1.5M while upholding governance and auditability.

Case Study: Established MEAL framework adopted across 6 programs. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Case Study: Reached 33612 beneficiaries with measurable outcomes. Approach: defined signals, ran
small probes, measured deltas, and scaled the chosen path. Risks were mapped with mitigations,
and results were tied to user‑visible outcomes.

Methods & Toolkits: SLOs, Risk Logs, JTBD, A/B Testing, Design Reviews, Discovery.

Collaboration & Leadership: operates with direct, transparent, data‑driven style; prefers clear
SLOs, decision logs, and transparent trade‑off discussions. Mentors peers through pairing and
concise narrative docs.

First 90 Days: discover constraints and goals; design pragmatic architecture/process; deliver a
thin vertical slice; instrument and iterate; establish rituals that keep cross‑functional
alignment healthy.

Education: BSc in a relevant field. Certifications: ITIL.

Talks & Publications: presented Scaling Insight Engines (2024); occasional contributor to
professional forums.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. Inclusive defaults and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we
no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let
data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. In practice, ngo program lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, ngo program lead
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Security and privacy are embedded in design,
not bolted on later. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. In practice, ngo program lead resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. In practice, ngo
program lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations.

Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs.
Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. In practice, ngo
program lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes,
constraints, and the signals we will observe. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide
iteration pace. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.
Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We
keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for readable code,
humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, ngo program lead resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. In practice, ngo program lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

In practice, ngo program lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I translate
complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, ngo program lead resumes and
audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we
will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I
optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced
early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, ngo program
lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and
the signals we will observe. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a
strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations.

I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into
routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being
buried in large PRs. I value experiments over debates; prototypes settle arguments. Runbooks,
SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes
and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. I optimize for readable code, humane processes,
and clear accountability. In practice, ngo program lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for readable code, humane
processes, and clear accountability. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang
releases. In practice, ngo program lead resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. In practice, ngo program lead
resumes and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error budgets honest and let data
guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic
advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in
large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. In practice, ngo program lead resumes
and audience‑specific narratives starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals
we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried
in large PRs. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. We keep error budgets
honest and let data guide iteration pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration
pace. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize
for readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace.