Oghenekaro Olujimi is a Data Scientist based in Dublin, IE (Asia/Dubai). They combine hands‑on
expertise in Pandas, scikit‑learn, XGBoost, Experimentation, Causal Inference, SQL with a
pragmatic, outcomes‑first mindset.

Recent highlights include: Built uplift models to optimize campaigns, cutting CPA by 7%; Created
causal dashboards reducing false positives in A/B reads. They collaborate across functions and
turn ambiguous briefs into measurable milestones.

Collaboration style is analytical and systems‑oriented. Core values: craft, evidence,
reliability. They maintain lightweight artifacts—decision records, design notes, and short
demos—to keep momentum visible.

Education & credentials: MBA in a relevant field. Certifications (where relevant): PMP. They
contribute to community spaces through talks, notes, and occasional open‑source patches.

In practice, data scientist practice starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the
signals we will observe. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We
delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. Inclusive defaults
and accessibility reduce support burden for everyone. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, data scientist practice starts with
clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early
through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting into routine
operations. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.

We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards
turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds
as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. I prefer small, observable increments over big‑bang releases. Runbooks, SLOs,
and dashboards turn firefighting into routine operations. We delete what we no longer
need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable code, humane processes, and clear
accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage.
We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and
let data guide iteration pace. We keep error budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace.
In practice, execution, communication, and continuous improvement starts with clarifying
outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn
firefighting into routine operations. In practice, execution, communication, and continuous
improvement starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe.

We delete what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. We keep error
budgets honest and let data guide iteration pace. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and
spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. Runbooks, SLOs, and dashboards turn firefighting
into routine operations. I translate complexity into decisions that teams can act on. Unknowns
are surfaced early through probes and spikes instead of being buried in large PRs. We delete
what we no longer need—simplicity compounds as a strategic advantage. I optimize for readable
code, humane processes, and clear accountability. We delete what we no longer need—simplicity
compounds as a strategic advantage. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. Unknowns are surfaced early through probes and spikes
instead of being buried in large PRs. In practice, professional profiles and collaboration
starts with clarifying outcomes, constraints, and the signals we will observe. I optimize for
readable code, humane processes, and clear accountability.