README.md, before:

# AI Chat Simulation (Standalone)

This folder contains a minimal, standalone copy of the AI‑to‑AI chat engine so you can run special experiments without the full API.

What’s included
- engine/agents.py — PersonaAgent with prompt + PROFILE_CONTEXT injection
- engine/manager.py — ConversationManager state machine and heuristics
- engine/states.py — ConversationState/Outcome + metrics
- engine/llm.py — Minimal OpenAI Chat client via LangChain
- prompts/ai_agent_prompt.md — Unified system prompt
- prompts/chat_decision_prompt.md — Reviewer prompt for post‑chat decision
- run_simulation.py — CLI entrypoint to run a conversation and print JSON
- scripts/aggregate_persona_data.py — Flatten persona batches into one folder
- scripts/generate_personas_from_text.py — Generate needs/personality JSON from profile+resume
- scripts/run_chat_with_review.py — Run a 12‑message chat and LLM review
- streamlit_app.py — Streamlit UI to select personas, stream chat, and view review

Quick start
1) Create a virtualenv and install minimal deps
```bash
cd ai-chat-simulation
python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
2) Set your environment
```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY="..."
# Optional
export OPENAI_MODEL="gpt-4o-mini"
# To override prompt location
# export PROMPTS_DIR="/path/to/prompts"
```
3) Run a simulation (with inline minimal profiles)
```bash
python run_simulation.py \
  --max-turns 10 \
  --start-with profile_1 \
  --p1-name Dev_Example --p1-needs "Build data infra" --p1-personality "Direct" \
  --p2-name Inv_Example --p2-needs "Meet data founders" --p2-personality "Analytical"
```

Or load full profile JSON objects
```bash
python run_simulation.py \
  --p1-profile-json /path/to/profile_1.json \
  --p2-profile-json /path/to/profile_2.json \
  --p1-needs "..." --p1-personality "..." \
  --p2-needs "..." --p2-personality "..." \
  --start-with profile_1   # or profile_2
```

Notes
- Output is JSON with `outcome`, `final_metrics`, and `conversation` (turns with timestamps/state).
- Logging uses Loguru; see console for `ai_chat_turn` and state transitions.
- By default `profile_1` starts; pass `--start-with profile_2` to change the opener. The manager alternates turns and forces a closing phase when approaching max turns. Closing statements are produced by the model (no synthetic injected lines).

Troubleshooting
- If you see `openai_chat not initialized`, ensure `OPENAI_API_KEY` is set in your environment.
- If you want to modify agent behavior, edit `prompts/ai_agent_prompt.md` or the style constraints in `engine/agents.py`.
- You can safely tweak turn limits and phase pacing in `engine/manager.py` (e.g., `max_turns`, `closing_grace`).

Aggregating persona files (CSV + people folders)
```bash
python scripts/aggregate_persona_data.py \
  --src ai-chat-simulation/persona_data \
  --dst ai-chat-simulation/aggregated_personas

# Options:
#   --no-root-csvs   keep each batch index.csv inside a per-batch subfolder instead of root
#   --overwrite      overwrite existing files in destination
```
Result:
- Destination contains all batch index CSVs, renamed to compact numeric names like 001.csv, 002.csv, ...
- ~N person folders named like 004__Kwame_Bassey (format: <batchId>__<Name>), with profile.txt and resume.txt when available. Duplicate names within a batch get a --1, --2 suffix.

Generate personas (needs + personality, ~40–60 words each)
```bash
# Requires OPENAI_API_KEY in env
export OPENAI_API_KEY="..."

python scripts/generate_personas_from_text.py

# Outputs JSON files named like 004__Kwame_Bassey.json
# Schema:
# {
#   "id": "004__Kwame_Bassey",
#   "needs": "... 40–60 words ...",
#   "personality": "... 40–60 words ..."
# }
```
To change batch, limit, or concurrency, edit the constants at the top of:
- ai-chat-simulation/scripts/generate_personas_from_text.py

Run a 12‑message chat + review
```bash
# Ensure you have two JSON files in ai-chat-simulation/generated_personas

python scripts/run_chat_with_review.py

# Edit constants inside the script to choose personas and output path.
```

Streamlit app
```bash
cd ai-chat-simulation
streamlit run streamlit_app.py
```
In the sidebar:
- Choose source for each persona: Existing (pick from generated_personas) or Custom JSON
- If using Custom JSON, provide an object like: {"id":"Name","needs":"...","personality":"..."}
- Pick Persona 1 and Persona 2 from generated_personas (when using Existing)
- Choose "Who starts?" (Persona 1 or Persona 2)
- Click "Preview Profiles" to view each persona’s Needs and Personality
- Click Start Chat to begin the conversation
- When it finishes, the sidebar shows similarity score and decision

Chat view behavior:
- When you click "Preview Profiles", the chat shows each selected persona’s Needs and Personality for quick context.
- Messages then stream live with role avatars, phase tags, and timestamps.

Grounding & truthfulness:
- The agent prompt includes rules to avoid invention and unconfirmed commitments. Agents only rely on PROFILE_CONTEXT and the latest message; if info is missing, they ask one concise clarifying question.

Commit message:

Implement similarity scoring and review enhancements: Added asymmetric similarity signals between personas, integrated conversation outcomes into the review process, and updated the README with new features and instructions. Improved JSON validation for custom persona inputs in the Streamlit app.

README.md, after:

# AI Chat Simulation (Standalone)

This folder contains a minimal, standalone copy of the AI‑to‑AI chat engine so you can run special experiments without the full API.

What’s included
- engine/agents.py — PersonaAgent with prompt + PROFILE_CONTEXT injection
- engine/manager.py — ConversationManager state machine and heuristics
- engine/states.py — ConversationState/Outcome + metrics
- engine/llm.py — Minimal OpenAI Chat client via LangChain
- prompts/ai_agent_prompt.md — Unified system prompt
- prompts/chat_decision_prompt.md — Reviewer prompt for post‑chat decision
- run_simulation.py — CLI entrypoint to run a conversation and print JSON
- scripts/aggregate_persona_data.py — Flatten persona batches into one folder
- scripts/generate_personas_from_text.py — Generate needs/personality JSON from profile+resume
- scripts/run_chat_with_review.py — Run a 12‑message chat and LLM review
- streamlit_app.py — Streamlit UI to select personas, stream chat, and view review

Quick start
1) Create a virtualenv and install minimal deps
```bash
cd ai-chat-simulation
python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
2) Set your environment
```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY="..."
# Optional
export OPENAI_MODEL="gpt-4o-mini"
# To override prompt location
# export PROMPTS_DIR="/path/to/prompts"
```
3) Run a simulation (with inline minimal profiles)
```bash
python run_simulation.py \
  --max-turns 10 \
  --start-with profile_1 \
  --p1-name Dev_Example --p1-needs "Build data infra" --p1-personality "Direct" \
  --p2-name Inv_Example --p2-needs "Meet data founders" --p2-personality "Analytical"
```

Or load full profile JSON objects
```bash
python run_simulation.py \
  --p1-profile-json /path/to/profile_1.json \
  --p2-profile-json /path/to/profile_2.json \
  --p1-needs "..." --p1-personality "..." \
  --p2-needs "..." --p2-personality "..." \
  --start-with profile_1   # or profile_2
```

Notes
- Output is JSON with `outcome`, `final_metrics`, and `conversation` (turns with timestamps/state).
- Logging uses Loguru; see console for `ai_chat_turn` and state transitions.
- By default `profile_1` starts; pass `--start-with profile_2` to change the opener. The manager alternates turns and forces a closing phase when approaching max turns. Closing statements are produced by the model (no synthetic injected lines).

Troubleshooting
- If you see `openai_chat not initialized`, ensure `OPENAI_API_KEY` is set in your environment.
- If you want to modify agent behavior, edit `prompts/ai_agent_prompt.md` or the style constraints in `engine/agents.py`.
- You can safely tweak turn limits and phase pacing in `engine/manager.py` (e.g., `max_turns`, `closing_grace`).

Aggregating persona files (CSV + people folders)
```bash
python scripts/aggregate_persona_data.py \
  --src ai-chat-simulation/persona_data \
  --dst ai-chat-simulation/aggregated_personas

# Options:
#   --no-root-csvs   keep each batch index.csv inside a per-batch subfolder instead of root
#   --overwrite      overwrite existing files in destination
```
Result:
- Destination contains all batch index CSVs, renamed to compact numeric names like 001.csv, 002.csv, ...
- ~N person folders named like 004__Kwame_Bassey (format: <batchId>__<Name>), with profile.txt and resume.txt when available. Duplicate names within a batch get a --1, --2 suffix.

Generate personas (needs + personality, ~40–60 words each)
```bash
# Requires OPENAI_API_KEY in env
export OPENAI_API_KEY="..."

python scripts/generate_personas_from_text.py

# Outputs JSON files named like 004__Kwame_Bassey.json
# Schema:
# {
#   "id": "004__Kwame_Bassey",
#   "needs": "... 40–60 words ...",
#   "personality": "... 40–60 words ..."
# }
```
To change batch, limit, or concurrency, edit the constants at the top of:
- ai-chat-simulation/scripts/generate_personas_from_text.py

Run a 12‑message chat + review
```bash
# Ensure you have two JSON files in ai-chat-simulation/generated_personas

python scripts/run_chat_with_review.py

# Edit constants inside the script to choose personas and output path.
```

Streamlit app
```bash
cd ai-chat-simulation
streamlit run streamlit_app.py
```
In the sidebar:
- Choose source for each persona: Existing (pick from generated_personas) or Custom JSON
- If using Custom JSON, paste/edit an object like: {"id":"Name","needs":"...","personality":"..."}
- Pick Persona 1 and Persona 2 from generated_personas (when using Existing)
- Choose "Who starts?" (Persona 1 or Persona 2)
- Click "Preview Profiles" to view each persona’s Needs and Personality
- Click Start Chat to begin the conversation
- When it finishes, the sidebar shows similarity score and decision

Chat view behavior:
- When you click "Preview Profiles", the chat shows each selected persona’s Needs and Personality for quick context.
- Messages then stream live with role avatars, phase tags, and timestamps.

Similarity & review:
- Similarity measures cross‑fit between personas: P1 needs vs P2 personality and P2 needs vs P1 personality; the UI shows aggregate and both directional scores.
- The reviewer receives these similarity signals and normalizes outcomes:
  - Very low aggregate (< 0.35) gates "proceed" unless the transcript contains an explicit, mutually agreed next step; confidence is capped accordingly.
  - Moderately low aggregate (< 0.50) reduces confidence.
- The review JSON now includes `similarity_signals` alongside `similarity_score` and `chat_decision`.

Conversation outcome integration:
- The conversation engine reports an `outcome` (e.g., `mutual_interest`, `interested_next_steps`, `needs_more_info`, `follow_up_later`, `not_a_fit`).
- The reviewer uses this as a guardrail:
  - `not_a_fit` forces `decision: not_a_fit` with low confidence.
  - `needs_more_info` / `follow_up_later` downgrade `proceed` to `more_info` unless the transcript shows a clear proposal acknowledged by the other party; confidence is capped.
  - Favorable outcomes are respected but still constrained by similarity.
- The payload to the LLM includes `conversation_outcome`, and the UI shows the final normalized decision and confidence.

Similarity model:
- Uses `sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2` by default. If a local cache exists at `models/all-MiniLM-L6-v2`, it will be used.
- If the model cannot be loaded (e.g., no network), similarity falls back to 0.0 and is noted in logs.

Grounding & truthfulness:
- The agent prompt includes rules to avoid invention and unconfirmed commitments. Agents only rely on PROFILE_CONTEXT and the latest message; if info is missing, they ask one concise clarifying question.
